Update changelog (#269)
peggyjs/peggy: CHANGELOG.md

### Major Changes

- None

### Minor Changes

> - [#261](https://github.com/peggyjs/peggy/pull/261): Remove documentation from
>   README.md, instead linking to the HTML documentation.  HTML documentation on
>   peggyjs.org is now served from the `docs` branch, so that it won't update as
>   we chaing the `main` branch.  `main` must be merged onto `docs` as a part of
>   the releaase process going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#261](https://github.com/peggyjs/peggy/pull/261): Remove documentation from
  README.md, instead linking to the HTML documentation.  HTML documentation on
  <https://peggyjs.org> is now served from the `docs` branch, so that it won't update as
  we change the `main` branch.  `main` must be merged onto `docs` as a part of
  the release process going forward.
```
